null,null,null,ADDRESS,possible bad city,
null,null,null,PHONE,Problem with Phone,
null,null,null,MMSE,Problem with MMSE Score or date,
null,null,null,DATE,Problem with SCA date,
null,null,null,ADDRESS,possible bad city,
null,null,null,PHONE,Problem with Phone,
null,null,null,DATE,Problem with SCA date,
null,null,null,ADDRESS,possible bad city,
null,null,null,PHONE,Problem with Phone,
null,null,null,MMSE,Problem with MMSE Score or date,
null,null,null,DATE,Problem with SCA date,
null,null,null,ADDRESS,possible bad city,
null,null,null,PHONE,Problem with Phone,
null,null,null,DATE,Problem with MMSE date,
null,null,null,ADDRESS,possible bad city,
null,null,null,PHONE,Problem with Phone,
null,null,null,DATE,Problem with SCA date,
null,null,null,ADDRESS,possible bad city,
null,null,null,PHONE,Problem with Phone,
null,null,null,DATE,Problem with SCA date,
null,null,null,ADDRESS,possible bad city,
null,null,null,PHONE,Problem with Phone,
null,null,null,DATE,Problem with MMSE date,
null,null,null,DATE,Problem with SCA date,
null,null,null,ADDRESS,possible bad city,
null,null,null,PHONE,Problem with Phone,
null,null,null,DATE,Problem with SCA date,
null,null,null,ADDRESS,possible bad city,
null,null,null,PHONE,Problem with Phone,
null,null,null,MMSE,Problem with MMSE Score or date,
null,null,null,DATE,Problem with SCA date,
null,null,null,ADDRESS,possible bad city,
null,null,null,PHONE,Problem with Phone,
null,null,null,MMSE,Problem with MMSE Score or date,
null,null,null,DATE,Problem with SCA date,
null,null,null,ADDRESS,possible bad city,
null,null,null,DATE,Problem with SCA date,
